you
this is the gyration of nasally circum
volution amusement jump otherwise known
as the nollie frontside heel flip it was
invented in the year 1856 by me dr.
George George ah hello dit should what
is it get the hell out of here man I
should think so too
sorry about that okay nollie frontside
heel flips to do this trick you will
need a quality pair of shoes I am
wearing the TK stacks by supra not only
because Supra is such a reputable brand
and not just because they are made of
durable high-quality black suede but
also because I am trying to get
sponsored by Supra at this point I would
like to invite my beloved loyal audience
to join me in my daily spamming of
supers Facebook page and Instagram
demanding that they send me more shoes
if everyone shows that support super
will have no choice other than to give
me my own Pro model called the
inconceivable it's a purple Paisley
vulcanized high-top also available as a
sky top and thigh top if you still
haven't mastered the nollie front heel
don't worry we are going to slow this
footage down to 5 percent of its
original speed to show you exactly how
the trick is done actually that's too
slow we aren't gonna have time to see
the flip in the landing but whatever
those aren't even really the important
bits the important bit is to remember to
skate for the right reasons you should
aim to cultivate nothing other than your
own sense of personal enjoyment never
ask anyone to sponsor you just skate for
yourself and the rest will fall into
place all on its own
you